doc: Update docs for cephfs and dns nameservers (#270)
canonical/microcloud: doc/explanation/initialisation.rst

MicroCloud uses :abbr:`mDNS (multicast DNS)` to automatically detect other servers on the network.
This method works in physical networks, but it is usually not supported in a cloud environment.

> By default, the scan is limited to the default local subnet and default interface, but can be configurable to use a different interface and subnet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the scan is limited to the default interface and default local subnet, but can be configured to use a different interface and subnet.
```

Reviewer: How can it be configured?

Author: It's the first question prompt, or both `lookup_interface` and `lookup_subnet` in the preseed file.

Reviewer: Ah okay, so the selection for "Select an address for MicroCloud's internal traffic"? But then there is no default, since you always have to select something?

Reviewer: So like this?

```suggestion
The scan can be limited to the default local subnet of the network interface you select.
```

> MicroCloud will display all servers that it detects and periodically update the list. You can select the ones you want to add to the MicroCloud cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MicroCloud will display all servers that it detects and periodically update the list. You can select the servers you want to add to the MicroCloud cluster.
```
